Add telemetry docs (#3062)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- Unit: byte
- Currently, the valid value range is `[3072, 3072*4]`. MySQL and TiDB (version < v3.0.11) do not have this configuration item, but both limit the length of the newly created index. This limit in MySQL is `3072`. In TiDB (version =< 3.0.7), this limit is `3072*4`. In TiDB (3.0.7 < version < 3.0.11), this limit is `3072`. This configuration is added to be compatible with MySQL and earlier versions of TiDB.

### `enable-telemetry` <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0.2</span>

> - Enables or disables the telemetry collection of TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enables or disables the telemetry collection in TiDB.
```

- Default value: `true`

> - When this configuration is set to `false` for all TiDB instances, the telemetry collection in TiDB is disabled and the [`tidb_enable_telemetry`](/tidb-specific-system-variables.md#tidb_enable_telemetry) system variable does not take effect. See [Telemetry](/telemetry.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When this configuration is set to `false` on all TiDB instances, the telemetry collection in TiDB is disabled and the [`tidb_enable_telemetry`](/tidb-specific-system-variables.md#tidb_enable_telemetry) system variable does not take effect. See [Telemetry](/telemetry.md) for details.
```

> - When this configuration is set to `false` for all TiDB instances, the telemetry collection of TiDB will be disabled and system variable [`tidb_enable_telemetry`](/tidb-specific-system-variables.md#tidb_enable_telemetry) will not taking effect. See [Telemetry](/telemetry.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When this configuration is set to `false` for all TiDB instances, the telemetry collection in TiDB is disabled and the [`tidb_enable_telemetry`](/tidb-specific-system-variables.md#tidb_enable_telemetry) system variable does not take effect. See [Telemetry](/telemetry.md) for details.
```
